## a review of my mesh wifi system but written like a pitchfork review?  2 min  humor/tech
---

> ### The tp-link deco s4 mesh wifi system breaks ground with its unadorned simplicity and artistic prowess, and leaves in its wake a profound mechanical discovery.

It is well known that a home wifi system is a household name within the electronic genre. Bound by only the industry itself, we’ve seen their countless experimentations stand victorious, writing in stone that which others could only whisper from afar. With the tp-link deco s4 mesh wifi system, we arrive at a pinnacle of personal connection, which is sure to be the artist’s most prolific accomplishment. The underlying work remains the same intermediary as it used to be, albeit under a new label (Spectrum Internet), but the promises of a mind-bending new frontier were not unfounded. In this, we see the work is easy to set up, and its meaning relayed with a speed and intensity that we could only describe as instantaneous.

The electronic connection genre is, on its own, a bit of a juggernaut in the spaces of mechanical work, but this home wifi system’s unquestionable poise defines an untouched, contemporary arena in which to be it can be a champion. Where their past lucid essences failed to reach, this work pervades with a consistent and reliable ferocity, its undulations adding a perceptive finesse that did not previously exist. However, it’s the accessibility that brings tp-link deco s4 mesh wifi system beyond the current borderland in electronic connection. The listener no longer needs to work with some type of unwanted sluggishness or vitriolic complexity. the cohesion of their performance allows for a simple entry, one that is not bound by the axes of mental distance or creative cardinality. 

There is a an excitement that comes with any type of truly rich creation, a thrill that could make you shiver. This thrill has been converted into pure rocket fuel, taking us to where no wifi system has gone before.